Ye Shao, these five
It is an important task that can determine the selection of the president
Tell me about it.
This is Ye Rulong, Young Master Ye
You can't say that.
We also obey the temple
The temple gave each of us a scroll
There is a word on each scroll
put it together.
He is the candidate for the president of the Great Xia Chamber of Commerce this time
So
The word my father revealed to me
Just a leaf.
Your father has already told you
It's top secret
Can't spread it out
Uncles and uncles
I'm waiting for the rules, I just don't know
The remaining words of the scroll are you in charge?
Don't get us wrong
Just wanted to make sure
Will you be prepared then?
My self is the persimmon of a clan
Martyrs are just as Zhang Shao said
The president this time comes from Martyr Ye
You have a good chance.
Not too much.
It's really, really big.
Ye Shao, we have to congratulate you in advance.
What do you mean?
The character on the roll of paper I got is a Confucian character
Ye Rulong is right
Ye Shao is right, it's you
Great, this time I finally pressed the right treasure